the history of civilization in some ways
is a history of maps how have we come to
understand the world around us but one
of the most famous maps works because it
really isn't a map at all the one that
underground came together in 1908 when
eight different independent railways
merged to create a single system they
needed a map to represent that system so
people would know where to ride
the map they made is complicated you can
see rivers bodies of water trees and
parks the stations were all crammed
together in the center of the map and
then out in the periphery there was
something couldn't even fit on the map
so the map was geographically accurate
but maybe not so useful enter Harry Beck
Harry Beck was a 29 year old engineering
draftsmen who had been working on and
off for the London Underground and he
had a key insight and that was that
people riding underground in trains
don't really care what's happening above
ground they just want to get from
station to station where do I get on
where do I get off it's the system
that's important not the geography he's
taking this complicated mess of
spaghetti and he simplified it the lines
only go in three directions they're
horizontal they're vertical or they're
45 degrees
likewise he's spaced the station as
equally he's made every station color
correspond to the color of the wine and
he's fixed it all so that it's not
really a map anymore what it is is a
diagram just like circuitry except the
circuitry here is in wires conducting
electrons is tubes containing trains
conducting
people from place to place in 1933 the
underground decided at last to give
Harry Beck's map a try the underground
did a test run of a thousand of these
maps pocket-sized they were going in one
hour they realize they're onto something
they printed 750,000 more and this is
the map you see today
Beck's design really became the template
for the way we think of metro maps today
Tokyo Paris for Lin Sao Paulo
Sydney Washington DC all of them convert
complex geography into crisp geometry
all of them use different colors to
distinguish between lines all of them
use simple symbols to distinguish
between types of stations they all are
part of a universal language seemingly I
bet Harry Beck one of them now what a
user interface was but that's really
what he designed and he really took that
challenge and broke it down to three
principles that I think can be applied
to nearly any design problem first one
is focus focus on who you're doing this
for the second principle is simplicity
what's the shortest way to deliver that
need finally the last thing is thinking
in a cross-disciplinary way who would
have thought that an electrical engineer
would be the person to hold the key to
unlock what was then one of the most
complicated systems in the world all
started by one guy with a pencil and an
idea